Add meta description to docs (#2316)
MithrilJS/mithril.js: docs/signatures.md

<!--meta

> How to read the signatures in Mithril's documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
Describes, how to read the signatures in Mithril's documentation.
```

> Describes, how to read the signatures in Mithril's documentation.

Reviewer: Consistency but also removing an erroneous comma and revising for clarity.

```suggestion
Describes how to read the signatures used throughout Mithril's documentation
```
